feat: local native logger and better OOBE (#761)
quoid/userscripts: src/app/_locales/en/quick-start-guide-ios.md

> ### Welcome to this project, you will need two main steps to make the extension work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Welcome, follow these two main steps to get the extension up and running:
```

I think this reads a bit better and still conveys the same message.

> - **Open the App and set a directory**
> 
>   - This directory is used to saving and loading your userscripts.
>   - A default local directory is already set when you first launch the App.
>   - Click the current directory to jump to the default directory or the one you set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open the app and set a directory**

  - When you first launch the app, a local directory will be set by default.
  - If needed, you can select a new directory to suit your preferences.
  - This directory is used for saving and loading your user scripts.
  - Click the current directory to jump to the default directory or the one you set.
```

I think this conveys the message more clearly. Let me know if I missed the point of this section.

- **Enable the extension in Safari**

>   - Manage extensions from Settings App (Settings > Safari > Extensions) or Safari App (`AA` button on iPhone, `extension-icon` on iPad, also where you open the extension's `popup` interface)
>   - For optimal experience it's recommended that you "Always Allow" Userscripts for "All Websites", but you could also allow only the sites you want, but please don't forget your settings when your script doesn't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Manage extensions from the Settings App (Settings > Safari > Extensions) or Safari App (`AA` button on iPhone, `extension-icon` on iPad, the same location where you open the extension's `popup` interface)
  - For an optimal experience it's recommended that you "Always Allow" Userscripts for "All Websites", but you could also allow only the sites you want, but please don't forget your settings if your script doesn't work.
```

> ### So, how do you install a userscript?
> 
> - Visit any `.user.js` URL in Safari, then open the extension popup and you will see an installation prompt, or it will pop up automatically if you have enhanced prompts turned on
> - You can also save `.user.js` files directly to the Userscripts directory you set above, the script file must contain valid metadata block to match the page and be displayed in the extension popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to you install a user script

- Visit any `.user.js` URL in Safari, then open the extension popup and you will see an installation prompt, or it will pop up automatically if you have enhanced prompts turned on.
- You can also save `.user.js` files directly to the Userscripts directory. The script file must contain a valid metadata block to match the page and be displayed in the extension popup,
```
